# BAs Optical Data, no excitonic effects 
This subfolder contains the raw data used to compute the optical properties of BAs without considering excitonic effects, but including indirect (phonon-assisted) optical processes. 

- The two eig files contain the same data (GW eigenvalues for BAs) but formatted in slightly different ways, with one containing 50 bands and the other only 20 bands. 
- calculate\_absorption.F90 is the code used to calculate epsilon2 in the direct regime. avg\_LS.dat is the output from this code, which has been processed to include a 5th column which averages the 3 directions present in columns 2-4. 
- epw1 and epw3 are in the inputs to calculate the indirect optical absorption (epsilon 2), the raw output is present in epsilon2\_indabs.dat
- In order to integrate the indirect and direct optical properties, some data processing is required. extract\_eps2\_indabs.sh chooses the indirect epsilon2 data that matches the calculation settings (broadening parameter) used for the direct calculation. interpolate\_indirect.py then takes this data and interpolates it in order to match the same energy steps and range as the direct calculation. indirect\_eps2\_col8.dat and indirect\_eps2\_col8\_interpolated.dat are the outputs from these two processing steps, respectively. 
- calculate\_optical\_data.sh takes the epsilon2 vs energy data and performs a number of steps to calculate other important optical properties. It first combines indirect and direct regimes (all\_eps2.dat) and then isolates this combined data (total\_eps2.dat), which is then passed to a Fortran code (kk.F90) which executes Kramers-Kronig relations to calculate epsilon1 (total\_eps1.dat). The combination of epsilon1 and epsilon2 are then used to calculate n, k, and alpha. The data is saved in optical\_data\_total.{dat,csv}. This is the final data used in the paper (Figure 3 and Figure 4). 
